RIP DANILO BOGDANOV

Dev team:
-avalon (Danilo)
-hightech (Milutin)

Intro

The ghost protocol serves to improve the security layers of the network. 
It is not based on basic encryption, but on options that go beyond silicon. 
Ghost is quite close to hardware and can therefore be considered a low 
level tool. The primary technology for the development of the ghost protocol 
is the ANSI C programming language. Ghost ensures that information finds its 
way from point a to point b and that it is almost impossible to notice the 
content traveling through the network. This is some small introduction to 
modern technology in the old school way.

Development

Development is based on fast methods, mostly ANSI C programming language. 
Some parts are bash scripts. Ghost protocol does not use any databases. 
It is completely flat file oriented. The ravine is divided into three 
parts or layers. The first layer is what the user wants to do and call 
the protocol as a request. The second layer maps all request positions 
and moves the request to a dedicated container located in the 'nix platform 
file system. The second layer is closed information. The third layer is 
keyless delivery, but the recipient must also send a protocol request to 
receive the information. What happens between these three layers can be 
called the primary logic of the Ghost protocol. if we have layers 1, 2 and 3, 
Ghost would have to be at 1.5 and at 2.5. These two layers are invisible even 
to the system, because the user, by invoking the protocol request, grants 
privileges to the interlayers. The development platform is GNU / Linux. 
Encryption is performed adapted to a method that is not widely used. Let's 
just call it a codebook.

The use of

We see the use of the ghost protocol as a widely used method of data transfer. 
Ghost is still in the test phase and the reason why it has not yet been released 
for widespread use is because the development is in the cubes that need to be 
put together. The protocol has been tested and has shown some results that are 
not yet final. We also see use in large corporations where corporations will 
have to set aside a certain amount of money for a protocol with support. If people 
want to use it without support, it is completely open to use as open source. 
The main use of the protocol is user privacy.







